A. Setting up the program for the first time.

    1. Save this folder such that it is not inside any other folder.

    2. Downloading all the necessary modules:
        Type this in the terminal or powershell: "pip install -r requirements.txt"


    3. Do any one of the following three things to make the program to run when the pc starts:

        a. Task Scheduler:

            # Open Task Scheduler.
            # Click "Create Task".
            # Under the "General" tab, provide a name for the task.
            # Under the "Triggers" tab, click "New" and select "At startup".
            # Under the "Actions" tab, click "New" and choose "Start a program".
            # Browse to your Python executable (e.g., python.exe) and add the path to your script in the "Add arguments" field.
            # Click "OK" to save the task.

        b. Startup Folder:

            # Create a shortcut to your Python script.
            # Press Win + R, type shell:startup, and press Enter to open the Startup folder.
            # Place the shortcut in this folder.       

        c.  Run the program "adding_to_startup.py".

    4. Scan the QR code following the instructions on the screen.

    5. Export all the chats to this folder and follow the instructions given in the terminal.

    6. The set up is done, now just restart your pc or run the program "1 main.py", to wish all those who have Birthday today.



B. Customising wishes for certain individuals:

    1. Run the program "customize_individual_wishes.py".

    2. Follow the instructions on the terminal.



C. Resetting the program:

    1. Run the program "reset.py".

    2. Follow the instructions given on the terminal.

    3. Details about reset options:

        a. Complete reset: It deletes all the files and you have to scan the QR code again and do the whole process again.
        b. Partial Reset: It deletes all the files and you have to do the whole process again but you need not scan the QR code.
        c. Rectifying Birth Dates: It helps you in verifying whether the birthdates are correctly entered or not.
        d. Exporting chats of already listed contacts:  It helps in adding the chats of already listed contacts to extract their birthdates.
        e. Manually adding Birthday of already listed contacts: It helps in manually adding the birthdates of those contacts who are already listed.
        f. Updating contact list by adding chats: It is used to get all the new contacts and for adding their birthdate by exporting chats.
        g. Updating Contact list Manually: It is used to add the new contacts manually and for adding their birthdate by exporting chats or manually.
        h. Rectifying Contact Names: It is used for rectifying Contact name.



D. Necessities:

    # Insure that a strong Internet connection is set up for proper functioning.        
